[Music]
18 riddles only people with a PhD can
solve if you can spend hours trying to
crack detective riddles mysteries and
puzzles this video is just what you need
here are plenty of new riddles just
waiting to be solved and you'll only
have ten seconds after each puzzle to
figure out the right answer are you
ready then hit the subscribe button and
ring the notification bell to join us on
the bright side and let the fun begin
one a Halloween murder mystery
it was a dark Halloween night
mark was found dead in the forest the
detective who was called to investigate
saw finger prints on the victim's neck
and understood that the man had been
strangled the police arrested four
suspects net was dressed as a werewolf
Damien was wearing a costume of Captain
Hook Hannah was a mummy and Chris was
dressed as a zombie who was the murderer
your time starts now
[Music]
Chris the zombie killed mark only he
could have left fingerprints to a scary
monster riddle I sit and wait with
pointed when the time comes I sink
my teeth into the poor soul that has
found itself between my powerful jaws
the force of my bite is so strong that I
can crunch down on several victims at
once can you guess what I am in ten
seconds
[Music]
this monster isn't as terrible as it
seems it's just a stapler 3 the odd one
out can you spot the odd emoji among
these contenders remember you have to be
fast ah there it is these parents have
two sons instead of a son and a daughter
for a mysterious object I can be sad I
can be the son and I can even be a bird
what am i well isn't this a tricky one
and you have just 10 seconds to find the
answer
[Music]
it's a clock after all there are many
kinds hourglass sundial and cuckoo
clocks five a tragedy in the tropics
John and Lacey went on their honeymoon
to a tropical island on the first day
there they went to a local market and
bought a big watermelon in the afternoon
they ate the watermelon on the beach it
was so delicious that they ate the whole
thing but an hour later John to hide
Lucy was in shock when the autopsy
showed that it was poisoning how so Lucy
ate this watermelon as well but she was
perfectly fine afterwards can you crack
the mystery
[Music]
the main difference between the new
spouses was that John ate the watermelon
seeds and Lucy didn't and that's where
the poison was 6 a murder in a hotel a
rich man stopped in a hotel in a small
town there were no other guests in the
hotel at that time unfortunately the man
was killed during a blackout that
happened later that night the police
arrived to investigate and interviewed
the staff William the maintenance man
explained that he had spent several
hours in the basement trying to figure
out the cause of the blackout so that he
could fix it Tom the concierge said that
the victim stopped at their hotel
because his car had broken down
that's why tom had left the hotel to
look for a mechanic to repair the man's
car Emma the cleaner mentioned that she
had called the man on the internal phone
to check if he needed room service
however he had asked not to be disturbed
who is the murderer
[Music]
Emma murdered the rich man if there was
a blackout in the hotel
she couldn't have called him on the
internal phone seven a spy on the ship
the captain of a huge liner found out
that there was a spy among his crew he
suspected three men Oliver
Michael and James Oliver was very upset
and did not being a spy he said that
he'd been working on the ship for
fourteen years Michael said that he was
too weak to be a spy he didn't even know
how to swim and young James started
working on the ship just three months
ago but swore he wasn't guilty
the captain understood who the spy was
in a matter of seconds can you do the
same the spy is Michael a real sailor
must be able to swim eight a weird
creature I have 13 hearts but not a
single organ more am i a marine monster
do I live underground can you guess my
nature in just 10 seconds
[Music]
I'm not even a living creature I'm a
deck of playing cards nine guess the
object
what has ten letters and starts with
gasps get to thinking it's an automobile
well not unless your car runs on
electric in that case maybe gastronomy
gastrula 'the guest relates okay that's
enough ten a blind eye
what has an eye but cannot see
[Music]
if your answer was a needle you're
absolutely right
nice job eleven strange cheese do you
know a type of cheese that's made
backwards hello how on earth did they do
that well you have 10 seconds to decide
[Music]
this cheese is edom of course 12 the
stolen diamond a unique diamond was on
exhibition in a famous Museum it was
heavily guarded at all times and only
small groups of 10 people were allowed
to enter the room after one group had
left the alarm went off the guards ran
into the room and found a young man
there when they searched him they found
nothing extraordinary just some cash a
bottle of soda a camera and a cell phone
the guards had to let the man go but the
next morning it was announced that the
diamond had indeed been stolen how did
it happen
[Music]
the man had replaced the real diamond
with a fake one and hid the real
treasure in his bottle of soda thirteen
colorful houses a pink house is made of
pink bricks it has a pink door and pink
window friends a blue house is made of
blue bricks it has a blue door and blue
window frames so in that case what is a
green house made of I think ten seconds
should be plenty of time to solve this
riddle did you remember that green
houses are made of glass 14 a miraculous
organ I'm the only organ that has named
itself can you guess what I am
[Music]
obviously I'm the brain 15 a road
accident it was a really rainy day in a
small town Lilly was crossing the road
when a green car hit her and drove away
the police found three people who had
such cars and interviewed them Matt said
that at the time of the accident he'd
been at home playing cards with his
friends
Mia remembered that she'd been painting
in the park and Sophia said that she'd
been out shopping can you figure out who
the driver that hit Lilly is
[Music]
the driver was Mia she couldn't have
been painting in the park since it was
raining that day 16 can you spot the odd
object here time to switch on your
observation skills again can you spot an
odd emoji in this picture you only have
ten seconds
[Music]
right you are this guy seems a bit more
upset than the rest of them 17 the
slowest in the race a dying man has two
sons he tells his sons to race on their
horses and that the one with a slower
horse will get the inheritance the
brothers try to race but since both of
them hold their horses back they can't
really compete so they go to a wise man
for advice once they return they start
to race again but this time they're
riding at full speed what did the wise
man tell them
[Music]
he told them the switch horses this way
the one who wins the race will get the
inheritance because technically they
still own the slower horse that is the
one that lost 18 to labyrinth these
labyrinths look pretty much the same
don't they however only one of them
consists of two separate parts will 10
seconds be enough for you to figure out
which one
[Music]
the correct answer is the labyrinth on
the right the left one consists of just
one swirled part
how many riddles did you manage to crack
on your own let us know your results in
the comments below don't forget to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side
[Music]